good evening thank you for calling t3
audio how may I help you hi I have a few
questions about your subwoofers
especially the TS NS of course that's
our top-of-the-line woofer what would
you like to know well first off I would
like to say that without looks freaking
awesome
haha thank you yeah man I've seen your
YouTube videos and I love them and I
like that Edwin T socket thank you very
much we work hard to make them
entertaining and educational can I
thought you as witty socket sorry
no are you a twin T socket no oh well
anyway dude I wanted to know about the
TS NS I see that it handles 5,000 watts
yes that is what we rate them like for
RMS daily music playing okay cool so
they can play music and not just for SPL
yes that is correct
they are designed and built as an
extreme ground-pounding woofer so they
can play any music you want play very
low frequencies too and they also get
very loud doing so their particular
design also allows them to be super loud
in SPL tone burst setups for competition
oh well that is just what I wanted to
hear
I will mainly use them for music but I
want to compete once in a while I want
to run a 5,000 watt amp on 118 but what
if I wanted to add more power for
competition tone bursts that will be
okay
depending on your enclosure amps how you
tune and play the system you can berth
them at over 20,000 watts but of course
you should do so with caution and
guidance from people that have done that
before
I do have friends that run the
competition team to help me but to be
safer for high power my friends told me
that I can just add more spiders to the
water can I have 13 spiders put on well
I think you may have been misinformed
the suspension on the TSN s
is tuned specifically for the motor it
uses and is set for it to be one of the
loudest most durable sub woofer ever we
use three spiders in the suspension
setup but if I had more can it handle
more power no that's not really how it
works
the spiders we use have a lateral
tensioned equivalent that two or three
of our competitors spiders but at the
same time it does not add unnecessary
resistance to the vertical movement this
is one aspect that keeps the woofer very
efficient it can move easily off of low
power and still get loud and when we use
the three spiders we space them out a
half inch each coupled with the surround
on the cone this gives four separate
points of connection for the suspension
this keeps the coil very controlled and
centered in the magnetic gap and this
allows us to add tons of power and not
worry about the coil Rocking oh wow
latias and nest sounds better the more I
learn about it now how about cooling
will the coil stay cool if I want to
play the long periods of time I have
heard that if you don't have enough
power to move the wither a large amount
the coil will overheat and I could blow
the woofer from not enough power or if I
have too much power I could burn it up
well there is another thing you may have
been misinformed on if there is not
enough power to move the woofer there is
not enough power to heat the coil beyond
its limits that misconception comes from
people trying to compensate for
underpowered amps by turning a bass
boost past point of distortion and
distortion dad's heat without adding
usable power with that said the TSN s
uses one of the most reliable and
heavy-duty voice coils on the planet
made proudly in the US of A not far from
where we construct the woofers
themselves the coil is 4 inches diameter
with a tall winding hide the hide is set
in conjunction with a suspension travel
so that the woofer can move up to 4
inches peak to peak with the coil still
under control the majority of this coil
is positioned above the gap while in
motion so he can radiate off of the core
through the spider-plant eventing and at
the times when the coil is positioned
down in the gap there vent holes in the
back plate of the motor and also crossed
cooling channels to the bottom half of
the pole piece the movement of the coil
forces hot air out of these vents and
poles cool here in Oh excellent thank
you I really wanted PSNS in my car how
heavy is it about 100 pounds
dang yeah what about the FS of the sub I
want to make sure it will sound good
TFS Burmese from wolf fur to woofer and
how long it has been played but in
general it will be around 30 Hertz but
the FS alone will not tell you how good
it will sound the enclosure plays a
large role on the SQ the FS can help you
design the proper enclosure okay cool
what would be a good enclosure for my
smart car in the hatch to play good
music and highest pl once in a while on
my 5000 watt amp generally I recommend a
6 cubic foot enclosure after
displacement of the woofer in the port
the port should be between 50 to 75
square inches of port area okay cool
benzio that will definitely fit in the
cargo area with my smart car yep yep hey
you already win t socket
no I want a TS Ennis now we hand build
them as the orders come in the lead time
is a couple weeks I wanted ta send us
now me too are you a twin T socket no t3
Audio is the bestest most wonderful
testicle woofer company ever thank you
check out www.imtcva.org